# Meeting Minutes 5/12
## Meeting Information
**Team Name:** TEAM JOHNNY 1 <br />
**Meeting Date/Time:** 5/15 18:00 <br />
**Meeting Purpose:** Kickstarting Week 7's Sprint <br />
**Meeting Location:** Discord <br />
**Note Taker:** Sam Wong <br />

## Attendees
People who attended:
- Adarsh Patel
- Christian Sulaiman
- Albert Ding
- Salam Aboul Hosn
- Sam Wong
- Korey Rey
- Larry Mei
- Zed Siyed

## Agenda
### Old Businessses
-  N/A
### New Businesses
- Debate on whether we should make origami in components or transition in images
- Discussion on the designer-developer handover process
- Explored on ways to overlay buttons on images using `<map>`.
### Decision Making
- We will use Figma Components in representing the Origami, using stop motion based animation that transitions images.
- We'll try mobbing for this week's spirint
### Action Items
| Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| | Finalise ADR | Everyone | 5/19 |

<hr>

**Meeting Finished: 17:00**
