# Meeting Minutes 6/2
## Meeting Information
**Team Name:** TEAM JOHNNY 1 <br />
**Meeting Date/Time:** 5/26 16:00 <br />
**Meeting Purpose:** Week 9 Retrospective <br />
**Meeting Location:** Discord <br />
**Note Taker:** Sam Wong <br />

## Attendees
People who attended:
- Christian Sulaiman
- Albert Ding
- Salam Aboul Hosn
- Sam Wong
- Korey Rey
- Larry Mei
- Adarsh Patel
- Parth Patel
- Salam

## Agenda
### Old Businessses
- Things that went well: Teamwork, Videos and Features
- Things that needs improvements: Testing, UI Improvements (with less whitespace)
### New Businesses
- UI: Fonts, Background: Patterns similar to paper
- Code Quality: Issues to refactor code , priority lower than Testing and Styling
- Teamwork: Like the idea of assigning teams to Issues.
### Decision Making

### Action Items
| Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |


<hr>

**Meeting Finished: 17:00**
